Welcome to CRIMP

Configuration is all done in the cgi-bin/crimp.ini file


-------
MODULES
-------

BreadCrumbs
Designed to add a backwards navigation system so that users know where
they are in relation to the homepage, this module can be configured to
output breadcrumbs at either the top or bottom (or both) of the page.
See the examples below for usage.

ContentDirectory
This module is configured with the path to the directory which contains
the content that you want to be visible within the section. The default
is ../content. Paths must either be absolute or relative to the cgi-bin
dir. The module will automatically use a file by the name of index.html
for any directories (eg. request for / will result in the page at
location ../content/index.html, and a request for /wibble will use
../content/wibble/index.html if wibble is a directory, or just the file
by the name wibble if not.).

ContentDatabase
This module must be configured with a database on an accessible server.
You can use any database that perl supports via the DBI module. The most
common database you'll use is mysql. A ContentDatabase provided section
must have certain options in the crimp.ini. The database must have a
'path' field of a textual type, a 'title' field which contains the page's
title as it should appear in the <title></title> tags (minus the site
name, as this is added automatically) and a 'content' field of a textual
type that can hold all of your page's data. The 'path' field will contain
the relative path (minus any preceeding slashes or dots, eg ./) of the
page you want to display, or 'root' for the base file. The 'root' page
will display (for our example configuration below) for either /db, /db/
or /db/root. The 'content' field must ocntain either pure (x)html or
pure perl code with "#PERL" on the first line with no spaces beforehand.
you cannot mix and match (x)html and perl within the same section. You
CAN, however, use (x)html on one page, and perl code on another.


--------
EXAMPLES
--------

Example Global Configuration:
  DebugMode = on #can be either 'on', 'off' or 'page'
  # path to the template which should be used for any paths that do
  # not explicitly specify a template file.
  DocumentTemplate = ../template/index.html
  # set a default BreadCrumbs setting - not necessary, but this makes
  # sure that BreadCrumbs will be executed for every page..
  BreadCrumbs = both

Example configuration for ContentDirectory module:
  [/]
  ContentDirectory = ../content

Example configuration settings for ContentDatabase module:
  [/db]
  # override the default BreadCrumbs setting
  BreadCrumbs = top
  ContentDatabase = on
  DBType = mysql
  DBName = test
  DBTable = test
  DBHost = localhost
  DBUserName = test
  DBUserPass = test


---
FAQ
---

Q. the perl code in my database is printed out as is, instead of being
interpreted by CRIMP.

A. make sure that the first line of your page(s) reads "#PERL" with nothing
before it (and nothing else on the same line as it will be interpreted as
a perl comment).